# Overview of Examples

This `examples` directory contains cleaned up code regarding the usage of ODE solvers with discontinuities for modeling event data. The scripts in this directory assume that `torchdiffeq` is installed following instructions from the main directory.

## NJSDE for Point Processes
The `point_prcesses.py` file contains the implementation for learning time series generated by four type of classical point processes.

To reproduce the experiments reported in the paper, run
```
make run_point_processes
```
This would create four directories in `workspace`, each contains the training intermediate output of one type of classical point processes.

## NJSDE for Point Process with Real-Valued Labels
The `point_process_rvl.py` file contains the implementation for learning point processes with a real-valued label. The model assumes the real-valued labels are sampled from a probability distribution parameterized by a mixture of Gaussians.

To reproduce the experiments reported in the paper, run
```
make run_point_processes_gaussian
```

## NJSDE for Real-World Event Type Prediction Task in Time Series Data
The `stack_overflow.py` and `mimic2.py` files contains the implementation for the event type prediction tasks reported in our paper. At the time an event happens, our model estimates the probabilities for different event types, and choose the event with highest probability as prediction. The prediction accuracy is written to the log file.

To reproduce the experiments reported in the paper, run
```
make run_stack_overflow
make run_mimic2
```
